hi golden friends mind we are with
pamela verb mensor mexican party or the
family how you're fine how about
tell us a little bit what motivated you to
get started in the surf good all my
family has surfed since I have
memory then we live on the beach and
they told me that if they did not trust now the
family is not true not this was like
natural and well natural I learned to swim to
2 years
It was like what I could do in
the beach surfing and I really liked the
first time I did it
I got scared many times but everyone saw
that if I had a little bit of potential and I
they pushed to keep competing and
all that
I went the first time with my neighbor and
neighbor of martinez I remember well that
we grabbed some stolen buggies because my
spoiled dad no no they were ships were
super old surfboards and we
we went swimming we got to the point
well rolled up because they did not know no
matter where to enter and then my dad
we said is going to get angry but I know that
I was looking outside excited
when we arrived he did not say anything to us and
another day through this and after we
He said he's been good at surfing all the
afternoons
I'm going to give you some tables he gave us
tables led us to the water accompanied us
pushed us in the waves until we
we stopped and from the first time we
we stopped at another level and it was not something
normal is very father my mom at the beginning
come scared did not want to surf to
because he said that his girl was going to
hurt but she had already done it
before because and she think I had
beautiful experiences in the water but
then he realized that that had
to spend at some point in my life
and he released me and then he pushed me and this one
supported to go to competitions everything was
flowing very well and until at 14
years I won my first good was not not what
win is in the surfing selection of
mexico and in a national championship that
It was in ixtapan
and from there I already jump to my first world
of juvenile category in France and to me
family gave great pleasure to the media
of zihuatanejo and the government decided
support me
from there come more skills and even
now I have already eight world
How much time do you dedicate to surfing is a
hobby or is like your career as it is
well this is my year sabbatical
before I combine it with the school
I studied in the morning and in the afternoons
He would surfed powers ahead
my tasks so that they gave me permission to
go and the teachers well accessible
they supported me a lot and now that I take
my year off after high school
I'm trying to take advantage of everything
can say good projects come
I'm going to the Latin tour in April I'm going to
make three stops of the circuit is the
first in costa rica I'm going to put more
I take advantage of the next one and make a
surfing world category open and I
I come to Mexico because the tour is coming
Latin for each Mazatlan and this band
is supporting because they sponsor a
event at huntington beach in california
and they will send me to try to
compete and if you can not be there
making a presence for the brand and
they want it to dry a lot how is the
level so that in coming years I can
enter very strong I'm going to compete
how much time do you spend
the good day was when I was studying for
all afternoon from 3 that I have arrived
to school until it got dark and now
that we do not try to do some routines
yoga sometimes we do yoga
stretching certain things that help
much to your surfing and we do crossfit and
there we try to surf depending
of the conditions of the swell since
now it's better and we share the
Training in and out of the water
what acrobatics movement is the most
complicated for you to do
well it depends on also the kind of
wave in small waves the airs are like
as well as not the big ones and
they are always air and tubes the most
complicated of what you want to get to a
surfer there are surfers who insist on
do different aerial in put them
even a name in fact until there are people
who sponsored those airs because they are like that
like wow who does it only you have
Some favorite surfer or surfer
and leila hearts in fact is from the team
I was and I'm always following what
competitions was because one day
I want to be with her
she received me very well in my first
I met her in France and I saw her
He greeted me well trained and friendly me
it helped how to get into the water and how I was
a chick I'm still giving but yes
it helped a lot and she made me give
much trust this law in these
competences with her what are the
coming projects or competitions
in which you are going to present
soon I do not tell you that the
girls
we enter again in competition in
our reentry would be in acapulco in
the surf open in an expression station
feminine I think it's in the first
dates of April 4 5 and 6 something like that
it seems and from there I 'm already going on the 14th
first stop is not the first for the
circuit but it's the one I'm going to go to
Costa Rica
from there, my world
representing my country in panama
I wait for the next week that is going to
be a Latin American event and from there
I come to Mexico to the Latin tour
follow the next stop some
recommendation that you have for guys or
girls who want to enter or start in
this kind of sport good yo yo the
I invite you to go to your beach more
nearby visit the people who are
People are the lifesavers
that comes from surfing most of the
Mexican surfers
they want more people in the water
Then they will help you I'm sure
these are very kind and attentive and
they will help you and for you to be sure
in the water fortunately this year
brands like vance are already
with a display of female surf
before it was very difficult being surf was
get a sponsorship and more as a woman
then this year they are well focused
in supporting and basam is a hotbed of
very important talents are being
now my trampoline to jump to the
use event that is one of the most
important worldwide and I hope
can do many good things with
them this year good obviously the
I invite everyone to go to the waves
stop visiting my website no forgiveness
my social networks of this study in
twitter is for me well under the nerd verb
and there you can follow a lot of surfing in
Mexican greetings
Y
in a sweet